1.59.0 Release Notes (#3867)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/docs/customize/look-and-feel/upgrade.mdx

## Version 1.99.9

> Starting in version `1.99.9`, user passwords are optional and phone identities are now supported. While theme updates are not required, there are some areas that you may want to consider making changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in version `1.59.0`, user passwords are optional and phone identities are now supported. While theme updates are not required, there are some areas that you may want to consider making changes.
```
